for now the fox cubs buy their time
above more novice flyers are warming up
ready or not she must make the leap of
faith
[Music]
[Applause]
she falls short an opportunity for the
Fox
[Music]
the chick is still 300 meters from the
sea
but her father's calls are beckoning her
she's in a race for her life
to keep out another spy creature is
needed
one based on a snowy owl the chick might
seem an easy meal but this meal bites
bad it's running range run there's
novice hunter
but there's a long way to go to reach
the seed the chick must cross the
boulder field
[Music]
and danger lurks wherever she turns
but this bird has spirit and the
boulders offer places to hide
[Music]
all the time she's edging closer to the
scene
it seems harborough's our dough is out
foxing the Fox
[Music]
but she's not safe yet
she's made it a hard lesson for the
forks
a happy reunion for the chair
[Music]
[Applause]